Add Room Support Documentation (#26491)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sharkiq.markdown

## Services

Currently supported [`vacuum`](/integrations/vacuum/) services are:

- `start`
- `pause`
- `stop`
- `return_to_base`
- `locate`

### Room Targeting
In addition to the [`vacuum`](/integrations/vacuum/) services, this integration supports room targeting.
This allows you to select specific rooms that you want cleaned, instead of doing a whole-home clean.

```yaml
service: sharkiq.clean_room
data:
  rooms:
    - "Entry"
    - "Living Room"
target:
  entity_id: vacuum.my_vacuum
```
**Important Note:** The list of rooms must be written _exactly_ as they appear in the Shark Clean app. If you want exact names that the service will understand,
look for the `Rooms` attribute of your Shark Robot Vacuum in Home Assistant.  This will be populated with the rooms that the robot has configured, as they will be
understood by the service.

> If you want to use the area selector in service's the UI, you need to format the area's name exactly as they appear in the vacuum's `Rooms` attribute.  You may also check the attribute using Home Assistant's [Developer Tools](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/tools/dev-tools/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the area selector in the service's UI, you need to format the area names exactly as they appear in the vacuum's `Rooms` attribute.  You may also check the attribute using Home Assistant's [Developer Tools](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/tools/dev-tools/).
```
